fix(docs): Update `authorized domains for recordings` section in `troubleshooting and FAQ` for session replay (#11558)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/session-replay/troubleshooting.mdx

### 1. Authorized domains for recordings

> In your [project replay settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/project-replay#replay), there's a section for 'Authorized domains for replay'. This is the list of domains where posthog will capture recordings. You should make sure it's not too restrictive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your [project replay settings](https://us.posthog.com/settings/environment-replay#replay-authorized-domains), for older projects, there is a section for 'Authorized domains for replay'. This is the list of domains where posthog will capture recordings. You should make sure it's not too restrictive.
```

### 1. Authorized domains for recordings

> Authorized domains for recordings is deprecated, you should use URL triggers instead  [https://posthog.com/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record#with-url-trigger-conditions](https://posthog.com/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record#with-url-trigger-conditions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authorized domains for recordings is deprecated, you should use URL triggers instead  [Read more: https://posthog.com/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record#with-url-trigger-conditions](https://posthog.com/docs/session-replay/how-to-control-which-sessions-you-record#with-url-trigger-conditions)
```
